again. Short answer is yes. The longer answer is it Opinions. Um, I want
to say there's, ah rule in someone in one of the instructions that
basically says that you're a lot. Your CEO is allowed to give you
one beer every 44 days at sea, but you can almost guarantee that you
will not be at sea for 44 days unless you absolutely have to. So, most
of all, boys and most cares will pull in, um, under that 44 4 day
limit while you're out steam and definitely not you won't be allowed
alcohol. But once your import, it depends on the your CEO's discretion.
Chances are you'll be allowed to drink alcohol in the event that
no one on the ship or let's say, within a strike group if you're
operating within the strike group has had in like, alcohol related
incidents. So when you do get to drink, just be on your best behavior
and make it watch out for your buddies and to make sure that they're
got not getting in any trouble or alcohol related incidents, which
will calls you no more problems and people not being able allowed
to drink